Welcome to libavl version 2.0.2, a library in ANSI/ISO C for the
manipulation of binary trees and balanced binary trees.  libavl is
written using a literate programming system called TexiWEB.  By way of
TexiWEB, libavl is as much a textbook on binary trees and balanced
binary trees as it is a collection of code.

Version 2.0 is a complete rewrite of earlier versions.  It is not
binary or source compatible with libavl 1.x.  However, if libavl 2.0's
new features are unnecessary, there is no need to upgrade.  libavl
1.4.1 does not contain any bugs known to cause incorrect behavior.  It
is still supported in the sense that if any such bugs are reported,
they will be fixed.

The assistance of the community is requested in debugging and
improving libavl.  Your suggestions and bug reports are appreciated,
whether related to code or prose.  Exposition, style, spelling,
punctuation, and grammar are all fair game.  All the code in this
release has been carefully tested, but unknown bugs may still exist.
Please check out and proofread libavl and report back any bugs to me
by email at <blp@gnu.org>.

This release supports the following kinds of trees:

    Plain binary trees:
	* Binary search trees
	* AVL trees
	* Red-black trees

    Threaded binary trees:
	* Threaded binary search trees
	* Threaded AVL trees
	* Threaded red-black trees

    Right-threaded binary trees:
	* Right-threaded binary search trees
	* Right-threaded AVL trees
	* Right-threaded red-black trees

    Binary trees with parent pointers:
	* Binary search trees with parent pointers
	* AVL trees with parent pointers
	* Red-black trees with parent pointers

See INSTALL for advice on where to go from here.  Take a look at NEWS
for a list of new features.  For features tentatively planned for
inclusion in future releases of libavl, see ROADMAP.

libavl is licensed under the GNU General Public License (GPL), which
should be included in this directory in file COPYING.  This is not the
GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL).  The choice of the GPL
instead of the LGPL is quite deliberate.  Please read the license and
become familiar with its terms.

Please send bug reports and enhancement requests for libavl to Ben
Pfaff <blp@gnu.org>.

Share and enjoy!

Local variables:
mode: text
End:
